No, we both stayed at the shrine. But you didn't come to my place.
I didn't come to your place either, so I stayed at the shrine.
You can go anywhere you want.
You can't see me. I'm talking to myself.
Where are you?
I'm doing a housework over the stone bridge.
Oh, really?
Wow, there you are.
I'm looking for a drink.
And then, my friend said,
I want to grow up to be a small, small grasshopper.
I don't understand.
It's not right to grow up to be a small grasshopper.
But you're not human.
Humans are just small, small grasshoppers.
If your friend is small, tell him so.
What do you do if you're small?
Look at the god of Asakusa.
He's a big man with only one tail and eight eyes, and he's got 18 eyes.
If you grow up to be a second god, you'll be a god.
The great emperor has a great family of 500 people,
but he's also a great man of Kato and Fukushima.
What if he's a little bit smaller?
Oh, I see. He's a little bit bigger.
What do you think?
You don't have to go there.
You'll forget it if you sleep there.
Thank you, my king.
You're a good man.
Here he comes.
What day are you coming?
That's a different way of saying it.
How is it different?
You're teasing me, aren't you?
Look at that guy's mouth.
Look at my face.
I don't want to say that now.
You don't want to say it, do you?
I don't want to say it, but I've done a lot of things here.
So please do that.
I'm asking you.
Then, the little one.
Oh, thank you.
I'm saying that.
Even if you're small, you should take care of it.
You asked me to do it.
I'm going to ask you to do it.
Why are you asking me?
Even if you're small, you shouldn't ask me.
You're a king of Asakusa.
Even if you're small, you should take care of it.
Hey, you!
The Emperor will come.
I don't know who will come so that the Emperor will come.
I'm not old enough to get married.
If I get married, I can't go to the government.
The Emperor has to go to the government.
I'll make a
The third chapter is quite difficult.
The third chapter is...
The third chapter is a long story.
Yes, yes.
The third chapter is a little bit hard.
What are you talking about?
The small grain fell.
Where?
I searched.
It is not good to be told that everyone is small.
I'm grateful that I can make a good impression on the Nioh-son of Shibayama in 3.721.
The Nioh-son of the pillow that I am wearing is also here.
The Nioh-son of the pillow that I am wearing is here.
I will stretch the back of the pillow.
I will sing a song.
I don't know if I have stretched at all because I lost my Nioh-son.
I stretch my legs.
I have three legs from the pillow.
I am so grateful.